Every integration in WashCentral has its own page under Settings.
p02
The breadcrumb confirms where you are,
p03
and the Integrations entry at the bottom of the left rail is the way in.
p04
We start on Zoho Desk, the help desk connector,
p05
because once you can read this page, you can read all eight.
p06
Start at the top.
p07
The badge next to the title says what the integration is for, help desk in this case,
p08
and the pill beside it answers the client's first question.
p09
Not Configured means nothing is wired up in this tenant.
p10
One glance, and you already know the connection state.
p11
Under the title, three small chips.
p12
They name how WashCentral would talk to the vendor once connected.
p13
Every integration page swaps in its own set,
p14
so the chips become your fastest read on the method.
p15
Watch them change as we tour the other pages.
p16
Top right, two buttons, and we touch neither.
p17
Test Connection fires a live call out to the vendor.
p18
Edit Configuration opens the credential editor.
p19
Both belong to an administrator.
p20
Your job on this page is to read it,
p21
and reading never requires a click up here.
p22
Now the tile strip.
p23
Four tiles summarize health:
p24
the connection state, the data center, the org I-D, and which way data syncs.
p25
Notice Connection reads Not set, which agrees with the pill above.
p26
When those two match, you can trust the page's story.
p27
Below the tiles, two tabs.
p28
Settings, the one that's open, holds the live field values.
p29
Instructions holds the vendor's setup steps,
p30
and we leave it closed today because its contents haven't been verified yet.
p31
Everything we need sits on the Settings tab.
p32
Scroll into the credentials group.
p33
Client I-D, secrets, tokens, expiry.
p34
Here is the rule that never bends:
p35
you read the labels, never the values.
p36
In this demo tenant the fields sit empty anyway,
p37
but on a client's tenant a credential value never goes into a note, a screenshot, or a ticket.
p38
Keep scrolling.
p39
The remaining groups decide behavior once the connection is live.
p40
General turns it on, Routing picks a default department and assignee,
p41
Sync sets the direction, and Mapping ties Zoho's statuses to WashCentral's.
p42
That is the whole anatomy.
p43
The rest of this lesson is the same skeleton wearing different names.
p44
Now Microsoft Entra I-D.
p45
Same skeleton, different job.
p46
The badge now reads single sign-on, the chips describe Microsoft's method,
p47
and the tiles track the issuer, client I-D, and scopes instead of help desk fields.
p48
One field worth knowing: the redirect U-R-I, with its Copy button,
p49
is what an admin pastes into the identity provider.
p50
Google, Okta, Cognito.
p51
Three more providers, one layout.
p52
Only the name and the method chips change from page to page,
p53
and every one of them sits at Not Configured here.
p54
Learn the Entra page and you have learned all four.
p55
That is the payoff of the shared anatomy.
p56
SCIM, pronounced skim, is the odd one out.
p57
Instead of signing people in,
p58
it creates and deactivates users automatically from the identity provider.
p59
The tiles track its status and last event,
p60
and the sync log below stays empty until provisioning events start arriving.
p61
On to accounting. Open Sage.
p62
The shape holds, but the fields turn financial.
p63
The sync schedule tile shows a cron value because Sage posts on a timer,
p64
two in the morning here, not on every sale.
p65
And note the safety group's dry run flag,
p66
a rehearsal switch that tests a sync without posting anything.
p67
QuickBooks Online, the other ledger.
p68
Same badge, same subtitle, different vendor.
p69
Its credentials add a realm, which is QuickBooks' name for the company I-D,
p70
alongside the usual tokens.
p71
Sage and QuickBooks do one job through two doors,
p72
the same pattern you just saw across the four sign-on providers.
p73
Back to Zoho for the read that matters.
p74
A client says the integration is broken.
p75
You check three things in order: the status pill,
p76
then Test Connection, remembering an admin runs it, not you,
p77
then token expiry in the credentials.
p78
That answers "is it connected?" from one page, without filing a bug.